Add a note in 8.8 docs about known legacy action migration issue (#3722)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.8.asciidoc

[[known-issue-8.8.2]]
==== Known issues

> * Rule changes can't be saved if the rule's action frequency is shorter than the rule's run interval.

Author: @e40pud thanks for double-checking this. How does look?

```suggestion
* Rule changes can't be saved and existing rule actions are removed if the action's frequency is shorter than the rule's run interval.
```

Reviewer: Perfect! Thank you!
